[AKATSUCHI] Hey, stop!
Master... My dearest father...
[KU] The test subject is
now ready.
We're merely awaiting your
orders!
[ALL] (GASP)
Old Man Ohnoki...?!
It can't be...!
(CONFIDENT CHUCKLE)
♪♪ [JAPANESE THEME MUSIC]
(STUNNED)
What is going on?! Tell me!
Hey, Old Man!
Damn it! Say something! Now!
(DISCOMFORT)
You'd better watch your
language, child. You hear?
[BORUTO] (ANGRY)
Boruto!
(MENACING GROWL)
(FRUSTRATED)
I'm so sorry.
So you mean the old man isn't
really on our side?!
Yeah. It seems that we were
wrong about him.
Hey! Don't do anything that'll
hurt them!
Akatsuchi... stay out of
this.
(SHOCKED)
I'm doing this for your sake.
(ANGRY)
I'm doing all of this for the
sake of peace.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
[NARUTO] Is this Kontsuchi?
[KONTSUCHI] Yes.
Is Kurotsuchi there?
[KONTSUCHI] I'm afraid Lady
Tsuchikage hasn't returned...
from her trip to the border
lands.
What? She hasn't come back
yet?
Have you learned anything since
the last time we spoke?
No... Nothing that would require
immediate action.
I see.
I'll contact you just as soon as
Lady Tsuchikage returns.
Yes, I'd appreciate that.
But just so you know, it might
not be for a while.
[NARUTO] Understood.
All right. Please excuse me.
Excellent... Such a
good boy.
So she wasn't there, huh?
(SIGH) I'd really like
to believe...
that they're doing something on
their end, but...
I guess we'll just have to wait
to hear from Konohamaru.
Yeah...
[NARUTO] Guess so.
(STUNNED)
(STRUGGLING)
Damn you!
Where's Mitsuki now? Just give
him back!
Be quiet. Keep still.
(DISCOMFORT)
They told me all about it...
The abduction of the Hidden Leaf
genin...
...and the attacks on these
kids...
who came here looking for him...
Was all of that... your doing?
And... who the hell
are they?
On top of all that, Kurotsuchi's
missing, too.
What's going on in the Stone?!
And why won't you say anything?!
Silence, Akatsuchi!
(STUNNED)
(FRUSTRATED) Just answer him!
[OHNOKI] Ku... release him.
Yes.
(STRUGGLING)
What do you mean, it's for the
sake of peace?
C'mon, explain yourself!
I'm trying to avoid repeating
another tragedy.
Tragedy...?
Five years ago...
the Stone Village was attacked
by Rogue Ninja.
Many young shinobi lost their
lives in that incident.
And afterward, it became
extremely clear to me...
I have to protect the
young lives that are our future.
(TAKNE BACK)
Like us, you've been attacked,
haven't you? By the Otsutsuki?
There's no predicting...
When another terrifying enemy
like them will appear.
And when it does...
we mustn't let them take the
lives of our youth.
To keep them safe...
what we need to do is find
something else...
...that is able to fight in
their place.
You're saying that "something"
is these guys?
Yes.
What does all this have to do
with Mitsuki?!
Why'd you take him away from
us?!
Mitsuki will be helping me to
complete my plan.
What?!
Of course, Mitsuki decided
that of his own free will.
No!
[SEKIEI] Mitsuki!
(NOTICES)
There you are!
Yes? You were looking
for me?
Mhm, Lord Ku instructed me to
bring you to see him.
To bring me to him? Or was it to
keep an eye on me?
Well... yeah...
Lord Ku's never met you, so he
doesn't know much about you.
But when you do meet, I think
you'll get along quite well!
I hope we do.
This will be your room.
(CONSIDERING)
You like it?
If it's missing something or if
there's anything you need...
just let me know!
All right.
Now let's move on...
(GASP)
This is how the Akuta are
created.
But... they aren't like us...
since we possess a will of our
own.
A will...
I told you, right?
I'm sure Lord Ku will explain...
what the secret behind a will
is.
When can I meet him?
Soon.
I can't wait.
[MITSUKI] There are so many...
Yeah, you're right!
Soon, we'll have more than all
of the shinobi
in the Hidden StoneVillage.
(IMPRESSED)
But... the Master says we
still need more...
(CONSIDERING) Hm?
We need more...
in order to protect the young
people of the village.
So... you're saying they and
those like you...
will die in their place?
Die in their place?
[KOKUYOU] Hey!
There you are. Don't
wander around so much.
Lord Ku asked me to show him
around.
(ANGRY)
Let's go. I'll show you my
room.
Just how long are we
going to let him live, anyway?
I say we oughta just cut
him up already.
If you'd like, I'd be happy to
do it!
Wait for Lord Ku's orders.
(STUNNED)
What are you talking about?!
Mitsuki is helping you?!
(FRIGHTENED)
Uh, Sarada? Maybe you
shouldn't upset them...
Yeah, I know that. But...
Just take us to Mitsuki!
I'm sorry, but doing that isn't
possible.
Why not?!
You see, the plan is now
entering its final stages.
And Mitsuki's cooperation will
be essential...
if we're going to make it work.
(fFRUSTRATED)
Just hold on!
If he learns you harmed us...
or the Leaf shinobi sent after
Mitsuki...
Lord Seventh is gonna have to
take action!
Of course. I'm well aware of
that.
Initially, the plan was to do
everything completely in secret.
I didn't imagine that I'd end up
having to deal...
with you Leaf Shinobi.
However...
...I have no alternative if I'm
going to proceed with my plan.
Look, take us to see Mitsuki!
I need to speak with him. Just
one more time.
I have to speak with him!
[BORUTO] Please!
Please! Take me to him!
No, we're done talking!
(DISCOMFORT)
(STRUGGLING) (COUGHING)
(GASP) Lord Ohnoki!
(STRUGGLING)
Just behave yourselves for a
little while longer.
I have no intention of hurting
you.
Ku!
(WORRIED)
(ANNOYED)
No way! Not gonna happen!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(DETERMINED)
(FRUSTRATED)
No! Ku, please, do not hurt him!
(FRUSTRATED) Get him!
(ATTACKING)
(DODGING)
Ku! Please don't!
Don't worry, I've got this!
Human Boulder!
(KNOCKED DOWN)
(SCOFF)
(ATTENTION IS CAUGHT)
(ATTACKING GROWL)
Rasengan!
(HIT BY ATTACK)
Cha!
Their weakness... It's their
mask!
(MENACING GROWLS)
They just keep coming!
Earth Style! Barrier!
Earth Dome Prison!
(SHOCKED)
Earth Style! Earth Golem Jutsu!
Go now! Make a run for it!
[BORUTO] Akatsuchi!
Go on! Hurry!
[BORUTO] Thank you!
Time to split up, guys!
Meet back at our camp!
Got it!
Enough!
(SHOCKED)
Atomic Dismantling Jutsu!
(WORRIED)
Is that-?!
(DETERMINED)
(PUNCHING)
(SWINGING WEAPONS)
(SLAM)
(CRINGING)
(WORRIED)
(FRIGHTENED)
(FRUSTRATED)
Lord Ohnoki!
Boruto...
(CURIOUS GROWL)
(HITTING THE GROUND)
Damn it! (STRUGGLING)
[SEKIEI] (SURPRISED)
[SEKIEI] Something happen?
Never mind that. Just
keep an eye on him.
Oh, okay. C'mon.
Right.
[SEKIEI] This is my room.
You... drew these?
Yep! They're drawings
of my friends!
The Master created us...
so that he could protect the
people he cherishes.
That's why... I want to create
friendships worth protecting.
Humans become stronger when they
have someone to protect, right?
(SHOCKED)
That's right.
Now... I have one more friend!
(STUMBLING)
[KUROTSUCHI] Who're you?
(STARTLED)
You're... Lady Tsuchikage...
aren't you?!
(GASP)
[KUROTSUCHI] Are you...
Shikamaru's son?
Yes, ma'am. My name is
Shikadai.
What're you doing here?
Oh. Well...
Do you ever draw, Mitsuki?
No, not really...
(CURIOUS)
Okay, we're all ready.
All right!
Ready?
For what?
Your examination.
(CONCERNED)
Come on, it's this way.
I'll come with you, too!
(PLEASED)
Huh?
What is that?
A Curse Mark?!
[KUROTSUCHI] I see...
Naruto had asked me for my
help.
He told me you
might be coming this way.
And to make sure you got back
safe.
Lord Seventh did that?
I see... So he saw all this
coming.
I really screwed everything up.
To think that I'd end up being
locked in here.
Something's going on here.
What's happening in the Stone?
The Third Tsuchikage says that
he's doing all this for peace.
(SIGH)
I don't know what's happening
to Boruto and the others.
If you know something, could
you please tell me?
Yes...
This whole thing began
when I rejected an idea that my
grandfather proposed.
[KUROTSUCHI] Five years ago...
an attack by Rogue Ninja took
the lives...
of many young shinobi in our
village.
Shortly afterward...
So, what is all of this about?
Just watch and see. You'll be
amazed.
[ALL] (INTRIGUED)
[OBSERVER] What in the world...
are they?!
What is this?
Ready!
Begin!
(GASP)
At ease!
(AMAZED)
Your thoughts, Kurotsuchi?
Grandfather... what've you
done?!
(SHOCKED)
[ALL] (WORRIED)
Hey!
Stop! That's enough!
I said stop!
(FRIGHTENED)
(ATTACKING YELL)
(STUNNED)
Please, Grandfather, explain
what this is.
They're still prototypes...
But I'm sure if I
make improvements...
they'll benefit our village
greatly!
Next time, I'll be sure-
[KUROTSUCHI] No.
(SHOCKED)
Grandfather, after the War...
the Five Great Nations conferred
and decided that...
...we would stand by one
another...
in the event of an emergency.
Creating an army only for the
Hidden Stone's use...
...could upset the balance
between the Five Great Nations.
Besides... even if you do
make improvements...
...I could never go along with
using those things as soldiers.
And will that na ïve thinking...
protect the future of the
village?
Our young shinobi have become
weaker...
both in skills and in their
spirit.
If we're faced with a powerful
enemy...
then they'll be the first
to lose their lives.
Grandfather, I appreciate your
opinion...
but I'm the Tsuchikage now.
(SHOCKED)
Back then, I thought he'd given
up on the idea...
But he ended up making those
things!
So... those earthen, doll-like
Akuta are his doing?
I think infusing chakra into
clay...
and applying a jutsu is
how they're made.
Although... it seems there's
more to it.
Yes...
There are skilled fighters
leading them...
...who're able to use Detonating
Clay and Earth Style jutsu.
Also, Mitsuki might actually
be helping out...
...with the Third Tsuchikage's
plan.
This Mitsuki's the genin who was
taken away?
Yes.
(CONSIDERING)
I realize we're in a bad
situation, but all the same...
I have no intention of letting
this continue.
I plan to keep the promise that
I made to Naruto.
(TAKEN BACK)
Shikadai...
Tell me... are you confident in
your skills?
Yes!
[KU] What's taking so long?!
Haven't you found the Master
yet?
Go! Go and find them!
I said go! Now!
♪♪ (INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[OHNOKI] This is all for peace
in the Ninja World.
I hope you realize that it's to
protect you, as well.
[BORUTO] We don't need help!
We're not weak!
[OHNOKI] The plan is just about
to enter its final stages.
Don't interfere!
[BORUTO] I'm not gonna let that
happen! What are they anyway?
Next time on "Boruto:Naruto Next
Generations..."
"Ohnoki's Thoughts, Ku's
Thoughts"
[KU] My name is Ku.
I am a vessel formed only to
bring about...
the Master's noble wishes.